At this point, critical concepts with the CDK should be becoming clearer to you.
You hear me say it a lot, but there are many ways to accomplish one goal,
and there are many techniques that can be used to fulfill a requirement.
We've briefly seen organized stacks, environmental
distribution, and ways to pass data around as needed.
It's in this last area where we want to focus our efforts in this short module,
which will culminate in refactoring our demo application to
be as dynamically driven as possible.
One of the principles of knowledge required for the AWS Certified Cloud
Practitioner examine is the understanding of loose coupling. It's
sufficiently important to Amazon, but it's called out in many of the
pillars of the well‑architected framework.
At its core,
the definition is a simple reduction or elimination of interdependencies.
Besides the avoidance of cascading failures,
there are dozens of reasons why these principles are considered best practice.
Hopefully, like many obvious things in this world,
understanding why avoiding tightly coupled systems is a good thing.
After all,
if all the components in a critical systems, such as the
space shuttle, were locked together, failures and lost lives would be imminent,
as the definition states. Loose coupling reduces interdependencies between
components in a system or between systems themselves.
Remember the good old days when developers used to build SQL queries and
strings and hit a database directly? That ultimately led to unmanageable code
and eventually SQL injections. Connecting application code to a SQL database
is absolutely an example of tight coupling in the worst possible way. Aside
from pure performance or security,
aren't loosely coupled systems more geared towards reuse? The ultimate
loose coupling benefit is the ability to replace a component without
impacting the overall system in any way.
A load balancer with auto‑scaling groups is a great and easy
example to understand. That speaks to elastic systems that
adhere to principles of resilience.
Would you consider your car that you drive every day to be a system where
resilience should be a high priority for manufacturers?
I know I do. Speaking more in the moment, a company like Globomantics
that plans to acquire many development organizations in the future
burdens the challenge of constant onboarding.
Would you agree that a system built of several independent and
easy‑to‑understand components contributes positively to that challenge?
Finally,
to avoid paralyzing this discussion point too far, most would argue that
decoupling components in a system with well‑defined interfaces allows them to
be managed and improve much more quickly than a highly brittle system. In the
remainder of this module, we're going to speed through applicable techniques
that contribute to these factors and then subsequently refactor our application accordingly.